Remember to cover it up.
Don't worry, I'll be tight-lipped.
It won't affect your reputation.
Hey I didn't mean that
Never mind.
Go down and eat breakfast first
I didn't expect my little assistant
There is also an unspoken boss's day
Mr. Shen won't fire me, will he?
What do you mean?
He wanted to use it to leave me.
Personal affairs and work are not the same thing
Don't think about it.
I certainly wouldn't think too much about it.
Just don't rely on me
We all went to bed
He's still not going to class.
He still doesn't cherish me
You and me
Go ahead.
i
Mr. Shen, what you told me is done
Just in time you are
Take a look inside.
This is a villa in the best area of Yuncheng
Shen Tianlan, what do you mean?